Minor fixes for scraper and test_scraper, update README.md, update househunt.yml (#17)
UBC-MDS/pyhousehunter: README.md

| Function Name | Input | Output | Description |
|-----------|------------|---------------|------------------|
| scraper | url | Pandas DataFrame | Scrape data from rental websites into a Pandas DataFrame|
| data_cleaner | Pandas DataFrame | csv file | Clean the extracted data |
| data_filter | Pandas DataFrame, min_price, max_price, sqrt_ft, num_bathroom, num_bedroom, neighbourhood | Pandas DataFrame | Filter the cleaned data set based on user inputs|

> | send_email | Pandas DataFrame, email address | csv file | Send the organized listing information to user email |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| send_email | Pandas DataFrame, email address | None | Send the organized listing information to user email |
```
